c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManager\InventoryManager\bin\Debug\InventoryManager.exe.config
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManager\InventoryManager\bin\Debug\InventoryManager.exe
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManager\InventoryManager\bin\Debug\InventoryManager.pdb
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManager\InventoryManager\bin\Debug\InventoryManager.xml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManager\InventoryManager\bin\Debug\Bunifu_UI_v1.5.3.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManager\InventoryManager\bin\Debug\MaterialSkin.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManager\InventoryManager\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManager\InventoryManager\obj\Debug\InventoryManager.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManager\InventoryManager\obj\Debug\InventoryManager.Resources.resources
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManager\InventoryManager\obj\Debug\InventoryManager.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManager\InventoryManager\obj\Debug\InventoryManager.exe
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManager\InventoryManager\obj\Debug\InventoryManager.xml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManager\InventoryManager\obj\Debug\InventoryManager.pdb
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManager\InventoryManager\obj\Debug\InventoryManager.frmLogin.resources
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManager\InventoryManager\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManager\InventoryManager\obj\Debug\InventoryManager.vbproj.InventoryManager.exe.config
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManager\InventoryManager\obj\Debug\InventoryManager.frmPasswordChange.resources
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManager\InventoryManager\obj\Debug\InventoryManager.frmMenu.resources
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManager\InventoryManager\obj\Debug\InventoryManager.frmAccounts.resources
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManager\InventoryManager\obj\Debug\InventoryManager.frmCreateAccount.resources
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManager\InventoryManager\obj\Debug\InventoryManager.frmInventory.resources
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManager\InventoryManager\obj\Debug\InventoryManager.frmItemManager.resources
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManager\InventoryManager\obj\Debug\InventoryManager.frmTransactions.resources
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManager\InventoryManager\obj\Debug\InventoryManager.frmEmployeeManager.resources
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManager\InventoryManager\obj\Debug\InventoryManager.frmTransactionsManager.resources
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InventoryManager\InventoryManager\obj\Debug\InventoryManager.frmDashboard.resources
